Integrate oegenerate to oeutil (#4067)
openenclave/openenclave: tools/oeutil/README.md

OEUTIL
=====

> `oeutil` integrates following OE utilities:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`oeutil` supports the following OE commands, which can be abbreviated to a substring:
```
Don't reference obsolete tools in non-obsolete README files

    1. generate-evidence

> Usage: `oeutil <util> <options>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usage: `oeutil <command> <options>`
```
avoid abbreviations

> Usage: `oeutil <util> <util options>`

Reviewer 2: Add underscore between util and options (i.e. util_option) to indicate it's one token

Author: Make sense. Updated.

oeutil generate-evidence
=====

> `oeutil generate-evidence` is a debugging utility that generates the following files in binary format, or dump them in readable text, and verify them:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`oeutil generate-evidence` can generate the following files in binary format, or dump them in readable text, and verify them:
```

 1. Self-signed certificates (in der format) used for remote attestation over TLS.
 2. An OE report.
 3. An OE evidence.
 4. An endorsement for OE report/evidence.

For certificates, the user can pass in the public/private key.
`oeutil generate-evidence` is not suitable for production use.

> Usage: `oeutil <generate-evidence|generate|gen> <options>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usage: `oeutil generate-evidence <options>`
```
Should not be an OR'ed list but any substring match

    -o, --out <filename>: generate an output file for a remote attestation certificate, a report, or evidence.
    -e, --endorsements <filename>: output a report or evidence, and also its endorsements binary.
    -v, --verify: verify the generated remote attestation certificate, report, or evidence.
    -l, --log <filename>: generate a log file (default: oeutil_gen.log).
    --verbose: enable verbose output.

Note that parameters are not case-sensitive.

Example 1 Generate, verify and dump a ceritificate. Without "--out", there will be no certificate output file:

    ./oeutil generate-evidence --format cert keyecec.pem publickeyec.pem --verify --verbose

Example 2 Generate an OE report and output its endorsements binary to "endorsements.bin", and output OE report to "report.bin":

    ./oeutil generate --format legacy_report_remote --endorsements endorsements.bin --out report.bin

Example 3 Generate and verify OE evidence in SGX_ECDSA format, dump evidence buffer and its verified claims, and output OE evidence to "evidence.bin":

    ./oeutil gen --format sgx_ecdsa --verify --verbose --out evidence.bin

> Creating RSA and EC keys pairs in linux using openssl.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating RSA and EC keys pairs in Linux using openssl.
```
